When we open up natas4, we're greeted with text thats a lot different from what we usually see. It says:

  Access disallowed. You are visiting from "" while authorized users should come only from "http://natas5.natas.labs.overthewire.org/"

And below it is a small refresh page button. when I press the refresh button the text changes to say:

  Access disallowed. You are visiting from "http://natas4.natas.labs.overthewire.org/" while authorized users should come only from "http://natas5.natas.labs.overthewire.org/"

Interesting change, lets try refreshing again.

  Access disallowed. You are visiting from "http://natas4.natas.labs.overthewire.org/index.php" while authorized users should come only from "http://natas5.natas.labs.overthewire.org/"

After this, hitting the refresh button does nothing to change the page.
This is definitely unlike something that you'd usually expect to see. One thing I notice immediately is that its always listing the previous address of the page we were just on. 
So this begs two questions: One, how does it know where were coming from, and Two, how do we make it look like were coming from "http://natas5.natas.labs.overthewire.org/"?

At this point I was at a little bit of a loss. I go through the developer tools and nothing really stands out to me initially, so now i'm on to plan-b.
I'm not happy about it, but It's time to use the most powerful tool that I have at my disposal: the Internet.

After googling a bit, I find out about the referer header. 
The referer header is an optional http header which does pretty much exactly what you might expect, it tells the website where a request originated from (aka letting the server know where you came from.)

Using my new-found knowledge of the referer header and http headers in general, All I have to do now is change the header.
Theres many was to do this, you can use chrome extensions, a tool like burpsuite or zap, or you can even do it manually through the developer tools if you want.
I elected to just try the chrome extension (cut me some slack I still have 30 more levels to get through).

I downloaded the extension and plugged in my desired header (http://natas5.natas.labs.overthewire.org) and voila, we get the text

Access granted. The password for natas5 is 0n35PkggAPm2zbEpOU802c0x0Msn1ToK 


This level definitely also threw me for a loop, but I learned something new about how to use http to my advantage.
Onto level 5.
