After opening this page, we see the text "There is nothing on this page". Very reminiscent of last level. I notice at this point that they like to double up the levels and often make callbacks to the previous level like this. Fun.

Going to our reliable body section of the html, we see the text: 

<!-- No more information leaks!! Not even Google will find it this time... -->

Looks like they're starting to tighten up the security a little; maybe they're getting tired of the hackers pwn-ing their website? 

I start looking around the code some more, but that's not giving me anything.
I try adding the "/files/" to the end again, still no luck.
I try a couple other usual tricks thinking maybe one of those will get me somewhere, nope. 

I have to admit that at this point I was a bit stumped. If not even google will be able to find this information, then what hope do I have of finding it? 
Then I thought about it some more, why would they include that part about google? I'ts gotta mean something.
I looked up how google finds information about websites and that when it hit me. 

What I found was talking about webcrawlers and robots.txt files. 
This is something I was vaguely familiar with since i've worked with web analysis tools like zap and burpsuite before, and both of those have webcrawling functions which often show me robots.txt files.
A webcrawler (sometimes called a crawlerbot or just a crawler) is a bot thats used to systematically browse and index websites. Google uses them to improve their SEO and show more websites to people.
A robots.txt file is a file thats often included in a webserver so that a person or webcrawler can have a list of the indexed sites, and also which sites should not be visited or indexed by the crawlers. 
A sitemap also serves a similar purpose to a robots file. 

With this knowledge, we can check and see if this site has a file like this, and if that file will give us anything important.
I add the /robots.txt to the end of the path in my address bar, so now it looks like "http://natas3.natas.labs.overthewire.org/robots.txt"

What pops up is a page with the text: 

User-agent: *
Disallow: /s3cr3t/

This tells us that theres a directory on the server called s3cr3t.
If we replace the /robots.txt/ with /s3cr3t/ (meaning that the new address looks like this "http://natas3.natas.labs.overthewire.org/s3cr3t/"), We are presented with another index page called Index of /s3cr3t. It looks something like this: 

Name	Last modified	Size	Description
[PARENTDIR]	Parent Directory	 	-	 
[TXT]	users.txt	2025-08-15 13:06	40	 

We enter the users.txt file and are presented with this: 

natas4:QryZXc2e0zahULdHrtHxzyYkj59kUxLQ


This level definitely threw me for a loop that I wasn't really expecting. I learned a bit of new information on how webpages are indexed, how webcrawlers work, and how NOT to keep pages hidden from google.
I get the feeling i'm gonna be doing a lot more learning from here on out. Nevertheless, on to natas4.
